and now we're here with Huang Zhong the
Chinese national champion how's it going
I'm good at sea yeah we made it to day
too so it can't be going too badly I'm
glad to have been there too I mean Tony
anal day 100 sending yeah that's great
thank you look at this state that's good
nice and what deck are you playing I'm
playing was playing a war master pojo
okay yeah lost yesterday yeah and how is
that working it was quite symbol with
one attack from talking with a new
jersey uh-huh and yeah just I started
changed and I think it works very well
so I played that yesterday great yeah
and nothing is quite good result well
obviously you're still here she's all
good yeah um what are what else are you
seeing are you seeing kind of the decks
that you expected or is it stuff that
you didn't really expect yeah respect us
a lot should be often black eyes uh-huh
actually I was trying to play roller oh
yeah roll out bitch but I i come to the
control so i choose a suitable job okay
and yeah I've seen a lot further wash
cars like yeah housing test craters yeah
I think all the classes are covered yeah
except Delta except under yeah well is
that kind of what you expected to see ya
yeah that's like so yeah I school and
are you having fun playing with with
everybody from all over the world are
you learning a lot yeah yeah yeah I hope
we can have some document China in Asia
yeah okay some American players or
European players if I could and we don't
have more chance to communicate or play
with them
I participate some dr. movie last year
was in Europe oh no not so many Chinese
people when there's yeah over there was
one in a male a shot and we can go there
that'd be great yeah we're working on it
we're definitely working on okay yes and
how did you start playing the training
card game uh I was I used to play magic
and I went to do a hobby store then one
for my friends have a newer packing show
me some I used to play online game as
well all right oh yeah that's right easy
in the eye I'm ready to stain so I keep
playing that's great I've been two years
wow that's great well we're glad to have
you and good luck with the rest of the
day thank you thanks for stopping by